The perks of being a wallflower
The perks of being a wallflower is a book written by Stephen Chbosky who is a great author and film maker. The Perks of being a wallflower is his first and most successful novel which was released in 1999. Stephen is also the co-creator of the movie series ”Jericho” which was broadcasted in America for 1 year. Jerichow was unsuccessful and was shut down.
The book is about a boy who sends letters to the reader of the book. The reason for him sending these letters is because he is nervous about beginning high school, it is a way of distracting himself from his thoughts. He does stay anonymous throughout the book, however he does call himself ”Charlie”. In these letters he writes about his life and things he thinks about during a one year period in high school. 
Charlie is a very intelligent person who has a lot of problems talking to people and socialising. His best friend committed suicide and therefore I think it is especially hard for him starting high school. The problem Charlie have is that he over think almost everything, he kind of flows away in his thoughts. 
During this one year period he meets two people who accept Charlie for who he is, Patrick and Sam. According to Charlie, Sam is the most beautiful and wonderful person in his life, and he kind of fall in love with her very early on in the book. Patrick becomes Charlie’s best friend and they help each other out in the course of the book. Sam and Patrick are half-siblings. 
I think Charlie has a hard time finding friends, but when he actually does find a friend they tend to stick together well because the friend seem to like his personality. 
Charlie’s family is not as unusual as Charlie. His sister says she hates him early on in the book, however they do come along later in the book. His brother is a football player and play in a big football team which is not named. His father and mother are not mentioned as much, nevertheless they are explained as very clever. 
Charlie is very emotional which causes some problems in the book. About halfway through the book he is getting depressed because both Patrick and Sam are away preparing for graduation and he made his ex girlfriend very sad. You can say this is a turning point, because after a while Sam and Patrick surprise him and let him be with them for a while before they leave for university.
When he is depressed he by mistake takes LSD, a very strong drug which made him hallucinate and faint in the snow. When his parents found him later they paid for a therapist to try to figure out why Charlie is sad. They did not know that he took LSD because things like that had happened before.  
I think the themes of this book is interesting and fun for a teenager to read about, because it is things that are common in a teenagers life. The friendship in the book is Amazing and it shows that there is a friend for everyone. Moreover the drugs they do in the book are not as exaggerated as they are in movies or anti-drug propaganda which I think is good. Also they take up homosexuality in the book which I think is a great thing since in some parts of America it is taken as a disease or that it is very bad to be a homosexual, and to my guesses a lot of teenagers in America read this book. Patrick is homosexual and is together with Brad, one of Charlies and Patrick common friend. 
The first time Charlie is socialising with Sam and Patrick they invite him to attend to a party where Charlie eats weed for the first time, after the party they drive together in Patrick’s car to Charlies home. When they are in that car Patrick puts on a song called “Asleep” which Charlie finds beautiful. In the car, Sam stands up and they go through a long deep tunnel which leads to the city. That is when Charlie feels Infinite and like he participates. What I think he means by that is that no matter what happens he will always remember that moment, it is infinite. What i think he means by that he participates is that he is hanging out with friends who understand and accepts him. 
What I learned from the book, and I think other people might learn is that no matter who you are, there will always be someone loving you. 